the visual region a giant hug I'm
very happy very happy
independently what some can
tell
yes I do not want much I'm not going to leave
the third day of life
do not
two
there he had when leaving the stage you said
that you had given yourself a taste
I want to know why you said that and if
you also see it as a revenge
staff to show you that
I'm here
our conscience is not a revenge is
to say that I could say
how to explain you good ones I left
when I said I like my life was that
sing
that I never thought I wanted to sing in the
fifth vergara I read any singer
amateur to any Chilean singer
professional nowadays I would like to be in
this scenario and I sang a song from
raphael that was a pleasure that I gave
out of tune as you want to see it
better I will not say it right but I gave
the taste the artist is me and come and that
theme reflects my current state in which
I am and nothing grew with the music of
Rafael and I took refuge in his music in my
can a more difficult moment so
I'm happy very happy
independently the style k humorist
this edition they bring the only one that had
between quotes to revalidate was made in the
previous you said that here was not finished
nothing that was an opportunity but already with
the snatch
you felt in the internal that now or
never could I do
it's now or never now it's hurting me
the leg
and strong
yes yes yes I said 'now or never' because
what happens with the motto of our
work that we are the poor relatives
of the festival the humorists always
they were making bets how are you going
to go is not that the routine is repeated or
I 'm here because I do not have
to be called all those things and the
family sees him then when he takes the
decision to come to a festival is so
important as it is vineyard of the sea
you have children you have a lady you have parents
who is brother if he failed here I the
our who follows me back to go out to
the street is not a joke that's why
this work of humor must be taken
seriously it is not a joke not to walk
chacoteando all the time negotiating
all the time he gave me the impression of
that in the auctions of jokes good
they were not jokes but you auction them like
that were not yes but in the auctions of
the routines like it came down a little bit
the voice like that like it was a bit
shy I was for the scribbles when
a shot taken to scribbles I try
to shrink it because I do not like it much
employ was able to temper the
coprolalia because I think we can
laugh about simple things I do not criticize
nobody I respect all who do
different types of humor and also that
I have a father who is raised with
firulete then tell me not to throw
doodle that is ugly I have a mother
for a value thing I grew up like that
then my mother did not want that if each
Once a squiggle be treated him
come down today there were also diplomatic
invited then 16 to work
without work for the manager I work for
Aunt Coty for the mayor work
active the gallery I work the call the
construction work to finish so that
turnip then very difficult because they are
different criteria I do not know about what
you talk to people
so here is a lot of sense
careful and I think that's why until the
today has kept me in these 40
years with many jobs but with a lot
I work in important companies of this
country yes yes we do not take risks since
martín because it was alvaro sala already
toured well should be glad the hype
I think that I earned that niche and
it cost me to win it but I grabbed it and it's
the niche that people
if you like the humor that we are running
risk to take someone who can
harm let's say the event but
extension and
What happens at school? You need to go to the bathroom
not Spanish
no more harm to the question now if a
who dedicates this award to my brother
to my brother that finally I wanted to
that I was here that it was that
he died and that I ended up angry with him
and history knows everything already
I counted many times I did not want to be
pathetic so to my brother that in
some place is the one that illuminated me this
night to my family my children and me when
he told me what is your team in a team
it's not a team not only did
a nice nice policies not run
some key rings and my children we put the
bowling and come nador are my children
they are not a team and my wife is already 40
years of marriage so you have to
take off your hat with her because
hold on to me the trips and everything is not
it is not easy